### What is Computing to me
Computing is different from Computer Science because while the latter emphasizes on the internal workings of a computer, the former highlight the action of using them. Therfore, it lives somewhere in the realm if Human Computer Interaction. We have entered the era where our lives depend on computers and our usage of them. As such, how these computers are interacted are key to what we get out of 
them. 

The device that has infected the world at this time is a mobile phone. It was made to facilitate our daily lives. However, it has become such an integral part of my life that if my mobile phone is not charged, I do not feel comfortable spending a night outside. Yes, it is a well packaged object that has made various services accessible. While it has brought various convenineces, it has also brought dependence. Moving towards a more extreme case, such computers can bring accessibility to people of determination. Those who have poor hearing, empower themselves with hearing aids. It gives designers the opportunity to be sensitive to the mode of interaction different kinds of people have with different things. 

I may be a designer, but Introduction to Interactive Media is making me explore other modes of computing besides swiping left or right on a phone screen with basic componenets like a servo or a motor. By exploring this and producing projects I am enabling other to explore the extent of their physical interaction with computers beyong the conventional.
